# Wordle!
This program has 3 functions, playGame(), generateWordFile(), and selectRandomWord(). The generateWordFile function reads a file that contains a list of words and writes to another file called outputFile, only 5 letter words. Words that begin with a capital letter are not written to outputFile. The selectRandomWord function works by randomly selecting a word from the file of valid words. First it counts the number of words in the file to determine the max index that can be randomly selected and then generates a random number between 0 and the max index. Finally, it selects a word in the file at the line of the corresponding index and returns it to the calling function. The playGame function takes a guess as a parameter which is the word that the player needs to guess. It initializes an array called usedChar to keep track of the letters that have been guessed. Then the function enters a for loop which runs a maximum of 6 times to represent the number of guesses. For each guess that the player enters, first it will be checked for if it is a valid word and that it has 5 characters. The usedChar array is updated as well. If the guess is valid, the function will display an 'o' if the letter is in the correct place, an '!' if the letter is in the word but in the wrong place, and a 'x' for a wrong letter. If the player guesses the word correctly, the function returns 0 indicating success. If the player does not guess the word in 6 chances, it will return 1. The main function begins by welcoming the user and loads the valid words by calling the generateWordFile function. Next, it prompts the user to enter their name and stores it in playerName. After that, it starts a loop that allows the user to play as many times as they want and generates a random word using selectRandomWord. It calls playGame() to let the user try to guess the word. If the user fails to guess the word, it will print out the solution. If the user correctly guesses the word, it prints a congratulations message using cowsay. 

